
 Work with Oracle database’s high-availability and disaster-management technologies. This book covers all the Oracle high-availability technologies in one place and also discusses how you configure them in engineered systems and cloud services.
 You will see that when you say your database is healthy, it is not limited to whether the database is performing well on day-to-day operations; rather it should also be robust and free from disasters.
 After you have read this book you will have mastered database high-availability concepts such as RAC, Data Guard, OEM 13c, and engineered systems (Oracle Exadata x6/x7 and Oracle Database Appliance).
 Mitigate the risks involved in migrating away from a proprietary database platform toward MariaDB’s open source database engine. This book will help you assess the risks and the work involved, and ensure a successful migration.
 Migrating to MariaDB describes the process and lessons learned during a migration from a proprietary database management engine to the MariaDB open source solution. The book discusses the drivers for making the decision and change, walking you through all aspects of the process from evaluating the licensing, navigating the pitfalls and hurdles of a migration, through to final implementation on the new platform.
 The book highlights the cost-effectiveness of MariaDB and how the licensing worries are simplified in comparison to running on a proprietary platform.
 You’ll learn to do your own risk assessment, to identify database and application code that may need to be modified or re-implemented, and to identify MariaDB features to provide the security and failover protection needed by corporate customers.
 Let the author’s experience in migrating a financial firm to MariaDB inform your own efforts, helping you to develop a road map for both technical and political success within your own organization as you migrate away from proprietary lock-in toward MariaDB’s open source solution.
 This book provides information and techniques for keeping an Oracle database stable and running on-premise, and is fully updated to cover Oracle Database 18c. New in this edition is coverage of cloud administration in the Oracle Public Cloud, automation of tasks using the autonomous database features, and data movement with multi-tenant databases. The book covers everything from architecture of the database engine, securing objects and users, strategies for performing maintenance tasks and resolving performance problems, through to backup and recovery.
 Pro Oracle Database 18c Administration takes a modern approach to database administration. Emphasis is given to automation, which is of growing importance as more databases are being moved into various cloud solutions and database administrators are being required to manage more instances than ever.
 Get up to speed on the game-changing developments in SQL Server 2019. No longer just a database engine, SQL Server 2019 is cutting edge with support for machine learning (ML), big data analytics, Linux, containers, Kubernetes, Java, and data virtualization to Azure. This is not a book on traditional database administration for SQL Server.
 It focuses on all that is new for one of the most successful modernized data platforms in the industry. It is a book for data professionals who already know the fundamentals of SQL Server and want to up their game by building their skills in some of the hottest new areas in technology.
 The book concludes by showing you how to virtualize your data access with Polybase to Oracle, MongoDB, Hadoop, and Azure, allowing you to reduce the need for expensive extract, transform, and load (ETL) applications.
 Learn how to use Oracle's JavaScript Extension Toolkit (JET) as a solution to the all too common problem of internal back office and intranet applications that are typically ugly, clunky, and cumbersome to use.
 Practical Oracle JET walks through the process of developing a functional application using Oracle JET. By the end of this book you will have built a support ticket system using a variety of different components bundled with the toolkit, including lists, inputs, and visualizations.
Developers with a basic understanding of JavaScript who want to learn Oracle’s JavaScript Extension Toolkit for building client-side applications that can integrate with data services and Oracle Cloud products. The book is also of interest to Oracle ADF developers coming from a Java and WebCenter background who are building new skills in JavaScript and browser-based applications.
 Conscious and unconscious bias, societal pressures, and discomfort with women’s ambition are issues that women are confronted with in any male-dominated setting, and tech is no exception.
Statistically, women are a disproportionately small percentage of the technology industry. How did we get here, what is changing, and what can future generations of women in STEM expect?
 Get hands-on experience implementing 26 of the most common design patterns using Java and Eclipse. In addition to Gang of Four (GoF) design patterns, you will also learn about alternative design patterns, and understand the criticisms of design patterns with an overview of anti-patterns.
 Explore the new Java programming language features and APIs introduced in Java 10 through Java 13. Java 13 Revealed is for experienced Java programmers looking to migrate to Java 13.
This book provides extensive coverage of the new HTTP Client APIs, which were introduced in Java 9 as a preview and was made a standard feature in Java 11. New Java features such as launching a single-file source code program and new switch syntax are discussed in detail.
 Gain an understanding of Maven’s dependency management and use it to organize basic and multi-module Maven projects. This short book is your quick-start tutorial for learning to use Maven.
 This second edition covers the newest in today's most popular build tool for Java development and programming.  
 Know how to set up, defend, and attack computer networks with this revised and expanded second edition.
 Know how to mitigate and handle ransomware attacks via the essential cybersecurity training in this book so you can stop attacks before they happen. Learn the types of ransomware, distribution methods, internal structure, families (variants), defense strategies, recovery methods, and legal issues related to reporting ransomware incidents to authorities and other affected parties.


